**Dec 4, 2022**
<p>As of today, Arogya and I have come up with a map for the game, aflow and all the various classes that we need to implement through an architecture diagram. We have been appending the code accrodingly to mach the designs we made on paper. So far, I would say most of the classes in their individuality have been pretty well defined in our code. So after finishing up the rest of the classes, we will start workingon the Main file to design the code for the actual flow of the game.</p>
<p> One thing that was striking to me was the fact that Java didn't have a Graph class already defined. But I could still find out how to implement a Graph in javaby looing online. This way, we could use the Graph class to implement the map of the game world instead of a grid system, as we believed that would be difficult for the player to navigate. </p>
<p>~ Michelle.</p> 

**Dec 12, 2022**
<p>We have designed all classes required for the game and added some tasks to the task class. We also defined the structure of the game world (in terms  of the graph map). Now, that all the objects have been designed. I am working on implementing them into the main class to create a fluid game using a game loopand taking in commands from the user. </p>
<p>I have been able to implement the game loop and the timer that limits the player from playing for more than a few minutes (time limit yet to be set). I have also designed what is narrated and what happens when the player goes to each building in the world. I have not been testing as I have been coding, however, so I will take some time to test the main code as it is and see if everything is good before I move on to designing how the player can exit the game</p>
<p>After testing, I am grateful that the timer works perfectly. The loop is also constantly taking commands from the user as planned. I have also fixed the move function to be able to adequately move the player around the world. However, I have run into some input collection problems. I remmeber running into a similar problem in a previous class task but I can't seem to remember howto fix it. I will try to look through my old github repositories to find the solution. Looking at what I have right now, once I fix this input problem, the game should be complete!</p>
<p> THE. GAME. WORKS. I am so excited. Some functions are shaky and incomplete, i.e. : - the player cannot exit yet - some items don't get added to the player's inventory - the inventory duplicates items instead of increasing count. However, the fact the player is able to move around and complete tasks until time rus out is great on it's own and this excites me! I will implement the exit method that will be conditional on whether or not the player has enough coins to get a key to exit, and then he game will be perfect!</p>

**Dec 13, 2022**
<p> I have been able to implement the exit method. The player can now exit the game if he has enough coins to buy a key. Arogya also added a third mini task to the game and it makes the game more interesting, and he simplified the structure of the exit conditions, which made it much easier for me to code the exit function! The teamwork definitely helped make this process faster. The game is pretty much fully functional and players can play and win or lose. Now, what's left to fix are a few logical problems.</p>
<p> - Prints out that player is missing coins (when they have all coins) before successfully exiting game. <br>
- The player no longer needs to pick up or drop anything so that needs to be scrubbed from the code. <br>
- need to make throw catch exceptions for when player inputs a string into places where an int is required (eg move command or Task 3)</p>
<p>~Michelle</p>

<p> This project was about creating a text based game through what we had learnt throught the semester from this course. I worked on this project with Michelle and we planned on making a text based adventure game in which the user must complete certain tasks which awards them with different types of coins which is needed to help them escape this world and win. To start with this prokject we first brainstormed for the outline of the game so we could create classes according to it. I mainly worked with the task class in which I created different tasks that the user needed complete in order to progress forward with the game. We decided that creating games such a guess the number, higher ang lower and a small mathematical equation would be a fun way to interact with the users. I also helped to create a way simple way for the user to exit the game by looking at the number of items in the inventory but it still had errors as dublicate items would also count to end the game.</p>